- Let me be the person without any children
that give you advice on your kids.
- That's what parents love is when people without kids.
- It's just like having a dog.
It's just the exact same thing.
(upbeat music)
- What minute are we on?
I was going to reset the recording.
- I had to start the recording.
There's three recordings for this episode so far.
It's a great start.
- I had so many things I was going to say.
So much time went by where I was waiting for you
to figure that out that I had multiple thoughts
that I was going to say to you that overwrote
the previous one.
- Yeah, you didn't queue them up.
There's no durability in your thoughts, just gone.
- No, no.
I did get a nice picture of you that I posted on Twitter,
which was great.
Are you kidding me, you've posted a picture of me
on Twitter already?
What in the world?
I'm already being shamed on Twitter.
Okay, well then I'm just trying to find the picture.
Did you see the, you saw the prime, you responded.
Isn't that exactly how prime looks in person,
like all the time at like an event?
- Yeah, like what?
Okay, so the picture was prime holding a cup.
And that seems so simple, like everyone holds a cup.
- But there's something iconic about it.
- Yeah, so the way he like, I don't know what it is,
the way he holds it, it's like, that's exactly unique to him.
- It's so familiar, like I've seen him in that position
so many times and I've not been with him that much.
- Yeah, and I can even like tell how he's like moving.
Like he's like, like leading back and forth.
- Yeah, it's funny.
And I see the picture of me as me bent over again.
Awesome, thanks that.
- Yeah, it's gonna be, it's gonna be so much.
- I'm hoping to continue this for like years and years and years.
- Oh, stop.
(laughing)
- Yeah, I should've known better.
I should've turned off the camera.
So we had some technical difficulties here,
but we're going now.
- I wanted to share some good news.
- Oh, do please.
- You know, I got this mango tree like a month ago.
And ever since I got it, I was pretty convinced
that it was gonna die because the moment I got it,
like some of the leaves are turning gray and like crumbling.
(laughing)
It didn't even look like how plants normally die.
It just looked like the tree got cursed
and it just like dissipating into dust or something.
And then like a few of them started getting these black spots
and I was like, okay, this tree's definitely gonna die.
And I've been watering, I haven't taken care of it,
but didn't look like it was gonna go well.
- Yeah.
- And I swear to you, I look at this tree every single day.
I'm pretty sure I looked at it yesterday.
So this morning I go and I noticed
that there are three like little baby branches
coming out the top, each with like four leaves on it.
And each leaf is like an inch long.
- Wow.
- So there's new growth, which is a really great sign.
- Yeah.
- But I swear this wasn't there yesterday.
And like, can trees grow that?
Is it that I just not noticed?
Or can they grow that fast?
Like, I don't know, that's pretty fast.
- Yeah, so there's all kinds of interesting stuff
about plants that this reminds me of,
that Casey's told me, 'cause we have a ton of house plants.
Like when we moved into this house,
we just bought like tons of house plants.
And like, there's been studies,
I mean, you've probably seen the music studies,
like that they respond to music and that they do certain,
I don't know, there's some kind of study
about like them basically reading our minds
and like playing off of our emotional states.
And if you have like negative thoughts about a plant,
you can actually like affect its health.
I swear to you, it's a real study, it sounds so fake.
You need to look it up, that like your vibes basically
can like affect the health of a plant.
So it makes perfect sense to me that you bought a plant,
it came into your home, it probably followed you on Twitter
and it started withering away.
It was like, this guy, this guy's evil.
(laughing)
Started dying immediately.
- That is really great, yeah, I wanna look into that.
I love stuff like that because there's so many things
in the world that fit in that category.
And it just is a hint that there's like
so much more going on that we don't understand.
- Yes.
- And a lot of times it feels like there's no
potential magic left in the world
because like we understand so much
and the explanation is usually not magical
but then you come across stuff like that and it really.
- It reminds you how little we actually know.
Like I feel like there's this world
that just we haven't even touched
but we don't understand at all.
- Yeah, it's crazy.
Liz is very convinced that we underplay the role of smells
in like everything.
He's convinced that when people don't like each other
off the bat, there's just like a smell.
And when people do like each other, it's smell related.
And then when people like each other
and then like, you know, over time
like the relationship kind of gets stale,
it's 'cause we get used to each other's smells.
So.
(laughing)
- Wow.
That's quite a theory.
What about online relationships?
I feel like.
- That's true.
Maybe we're also weird to each other online
'cause we can't smell each other, you know?
(laughing)
- That's a missing piece.
- It kind of makes sense
'cause everywhere it seems like there's a psychic thing
going on, it can only be explained through something
like smells and it's invisibly transmitting, you know.
- Yeah.
- Yeah, interesting.
I don't have a great sense of smell.
I don't know what that says about.
Is that like my emotional intelligence is also bad
because I don't have a good smell?
- I used to have a really good sense of smell
and just deteriorated over the years.
I think it's like my first sense.
- Oh yeah.
- I just can't smell anything.
- I wonder if there's something to that,
like if there's an order that your senses,
I'm sure there is.
Like an order that your senses typically go,
like at your age.
- Yeah.
- How weird that we're just aging.
We're just marching towards this like inevitably bad life.
- I don't wanna talk about this.
I'm just not gonna.
- I just hate the idea again.
Let's not get old.
Let's just avoid it somehow.
- Let's talk about Apple.
You said you wanna talk about Apple.
- Oh yeah.
Oh my God.
Well, there's things to talk about,
like apparently they launched a new iPad
and people are like, it's the first time I've seen people
have strong feelings about an Apple product in a while.
Or just like, it was the ad I guess
that people had strong feelings about.
I don't know, they just reminded me that like,
Apple's kind of become irrelevant.
Like we all use Apple stuff, but like in the public discourse,
I don't remember people talking about Apple in a while,
at least in our circles.
And this is like the first time people are really upset
that they're like crushing pianos and stuff
in this ad that they made.
- Yeah.
I have a lot of thoughts about the ad,
but before that, I've been being irrelevant.
Yeah, it's really funny because that's definitely true
on one hand, but I was at my brother's graduation last week
and we were sitting in like a big stadium
waiting for the students to fill it up.
- Yeah.
- And I was looking and I was like,
wow, there's like hundreds of students here.
Like they're all sitting in chairs.
I didn't instruct me that every single one of them
has an iPhone and every couple of years
they like go into the Apple store
and they get a new iPhone and they like sign up for
whatever iPhone things there are.
And it's just seeing that in front of me.
It's really mind boggling that you could have
that level of impact on like every single person
in their ad one, probably.
- Yeah, it's the legacy thing again, almost.
I mean, not that Apple's like a legacy company
'cause they're obviously like very relevant
in terms of people's buying habits.
Like I'm not trying to discount everybody
in the US buys iPhones.
But, and I'm saying in the US, maybe it's everywhere.
I just, I can't speak for everywhere.
I only live in the US.
I guess like, it does feel like most of their success
is behind them in the sense that,
like when was last innovative thing they did?
I guess they tried with the Vision Pro.
But like, until there's some new form factor,
it's just hard to see Apple like really blowing my mind.
Like they've just kind of like,
they've done the iterative thing for like a decade now
where they just make little improvements.
It's faster, it's longer battery life, blah, blah, blah.
And I don't know, I just don't care.
Like I haven't cared about like an Apple event
and I used to follow Apple events.
I haven't like even watched one in years.
And I don't know, maybe it's,
maybe we just live too much on the cutting edge.
I don't know.
- I mean, I feel the exact same way.
I think to give them credit, I would say the AirPods
are probably the last one.
I know it's not as significant as a lot of other things,
but if you do take a separate.
- But they are a big part of my day, yeah.
And like everybody has them, if you just look at AirPods sales
on their own, it's like bigger than most companies.
- Maybe they just set the bar too high.
And like I'm judging them against their own past success
against any other metric.
Like yeah, they're an amazing company.
They still just make such good stuff.
I mean, they're hard way, they're MacBooks.
Everything is just so good.
- I think that, I also feel that way,
I think this is the classic thing
where when the founder is gone,
there's very few companies that still retain the magic.
Like I don't know why it would retain the magic.
Like these things do come down to a few people oftentimes.
- It's really true.
- Yeah, so I don't think, if I was betting,
like yeah, I would say it's behind them,
but we're not gonna know for sure.
And so if someone else invents the next big thing
that they miss, right?
- Yeah, yeah.
- But Microsoft missed the iPhone.
So you know that they are done, yeah.
- Right, it's interesting.
Yeah, like, are they done?
Yeah, that Microsoft's another case
where it's like, I think about the developer community
and how much Microsoft has like infiltrated
what people do every day in the developer world.
Like just how much we're tooling.
Like they built such, it's when a company gets that big
and Apple's the same way, like in terms of cash flow
and just like amount of war chests
that they have from their past success.
It's like they can't go away for decades.
- They can't go away, no.
I mean, and Microsoft,
the Microsoft developed the things interesting
because that's not like that was new.
They actually owned a huge segment
of the developer population for forever.
And like some of the most-
- It's just they finally infiltrated the like-
- Yeah, through the Twitter circles.
- Yeah, but through acquisitions mostly.
I know they built VS Code.
But again, VS Code is just an extension
of what they've always been good at.
Visual Studio has always been very good.
And it's just gonna have flavor of that.
And they bought GitHub, they bought MPN and TypeScript.
You have to give them genuine credit for it.
I think that's also pretty good.
But again, just like, it's just C#.
- It's just derivatives of what they already had.
- Yeah, and if you think of like the 90% of developers
quietly building in C# for the last decade,
like it's not that surprising.
But it's just like, they kind of infiltrated
the open source community.
- Yeah.
- And became cool in the last five years
or whatever it's been.
- Yeah, I would say the big paradigm shifts though,
were cloud.
And I think they missed cloud, they were like to that.
They let a random company that never built stuff
for developers win cloud.
- Which is another conversation.
How weird is it that Amazon makes most of their profit
from AWS?
Like the place where we buy everything
makes most of their money selling compute.
- Yeah, it's pretty cool
'cause it like subsidizes this crazy growth goal they have
of like building this massive logistics business,
which you could never do without a crazy amount of money.
- Yeah.
- That doesn't make you a lot of money.
So it's nice that they have this other thing.
It's, you would have never like predicted
or strategized that at all.
It's like totally random.
- Right.
Going back to the Apple commercial.
So yeah, so Apple put out a commercial
where it was one of those, what do you call it?
Like a steel press, like a giant press steel.
- I've never thought of what the name for that is.
- What the name for that is filled with tools
that artists use like instruments and cameras
and things like that.
And then this thing slowly comes down crushes it all
kind of in slow motion.
- It's like the thing that crushes cars, right?
Like when they crush cars at the dump or whatever.
- Yeah, and then at the end you see an iPad
and it's like the idea is this iPad can now do all this stuff.
And then response to it was crazy negative.
And I will say I was actually surprised
at how much I also hated the commercial
because I'm not like the most creative person.
Like I never played instruments.
Like a lot of those items don't resonate with me.
- Yeah.
- But I watched it and I was like, oh yeah, that feels bad.
And then it got to the part
where it like broke the camera lenses.
And that's what really got me.
And I realized it's not like I'm like a photographer
but like I know about camera lenses
because I bought a bunch for my camera.
And it's like something I have like
even just a little bit of context for.
And I was like, ooh, like I just know how expensive
and nice those are.
And it just felt so like in my core back.
I didn't like seeing that.
And then I realized, okay, you know,
people that have like much deeper connection
with these things like they must feel like 100 times worse.
And I will say as soon as I saw this commercial
and as I saw that a lot of people didn't like it,
I didn't like it.
I knew somebody out there was gonna have the take of,
well, everybody's talking about it.
So their plan worked.
Which to me, it's just like the dumbest thing ever
because yes, that's definitely a dimension
of things that people do.
But like also people just mess up.
That's the little thing that happens in the world
where people just mess up.
Giving someone a in their core, like not intellectual
dislike of something, giving like a disgust in their core.
That's not good.
It doesn't matter if everyone is talking about it.
Like it's very hard to do something that bad.
- There is actually bad press.
It turns out like visceral negative reactions
towards your brand, probably not good in the long run.
It just felt very out of touch with like the current vibes
in the world.
I feel like 10 years ago, maybe the ad would have been different.
But now it's like, I think there's a return to like
things that are good and not just in our screens.
There's like kind of an aversion to everything
just being on our phone or on our devices.
And like wanting to get back to the good real world stuff.
So it felt like a slap in the face to that.
Like they were just very out of touch with that.
And it's like, it came down to like the wrong ad pitch
from the wrong agency.
Like Apple just like, they chose the wrong ad.
It's not like a huge deal.
It's not like this.
But I think it is kind of like emblematic of the Steve Jobs thing.
It's like Steve Jobs probably wouldn't have had that ad.
Like it takes just a few very like in touch people
with a certain sense of style and a certain sense of everything
that just like make the world go around.
And you lose that and Apple's just kind of like drifting.
And maybe that's dramatic, but.
- Yeah, I mean, you see that with a lot of things.
Like sometimes you'll see a similar team get together again
and create something and it's worse.
And then you realize, okay, there's like some magic here
that like only existed in a certain times.
And that might just come down to like a few people
or a few situations.
Yeah, the, did you feel bad with watching the commercial?
How did you feel about it?
- So I've not watched it with the sound on.
I've just like watched it scrolling through a Twitter feed.
So maybe I need to watch it like up close.
I haven't even like clicked on it to make it big.
So I didn't even know there were camera lenses in it.
Maybe that would have got me.
- The piano thing, I would definitely get you.
- Yeah, some camera lenses.
- I think like, I didn't have strong feelings.
I didn't set down and really take the time to watch it.
So I should reserve my judgment.
But I think I get why people are upset.
Like I get the, it just kind of like goes against
the current, current vibes in the community I feel like.
- Yeah, and I think that the other interesting part
that I saw, Ryan Florence, I don't know if he saw
all of his tweets, they were so funny.
He was like, I'm so mad that I can't even concentrate
right now, but his perspective was-
- He said he's laughing at how mad he was.
- It's a funny situation.
Well, it's funny 'cause a bunch of people
had this reaction and I think Armin also had something
similar where Armin described it in a funny way.
He was like, this iPad is such a negative,
there's so many negative emotions associated with it
in my house because my kids always want to use it
and we always take it away from them.
It's always just like negative energy and memories
around it and they were like, it was like this commercial
made the enemy of my house like the hero or something.
It was something like that and I found that such a funny
way to phrase it and I think Ryan Florence is that same
thing where he was like, he just constantly has to argue
with his kids to go do real things and they're always,
you know, it just attached his advice.
So it just triggered all of this built up resentment
and frustration in people.
- Such a good point that like the main use case for iPads
is parents, their kids have an iPad.
Like literally that's the only reason we have iPads
is our boys like they do their screen time on an iPad.
And that's like if Apple's trying to like replace
creative tools with iPads, good luck because it hasn't
happened yet, how long has iPad been out?
Like 10 years and mostly they're for kids to watch YouTube.
Like that's the point of iPad.
- There's no other form factor, there's no over like purpose
for that form factor I feel like, then like little tiny
hands holding it on the couch, I don't know.
Here's another thing, and this is also funny because I watched
this interview a couple of days ago, there's this guy
Jonathan Haidt and he is, I don't know what he is,
he's a researcher and but like most researchers
are just researchers suck and are stupid.
But he's a very good researcher.
- That's such a DAX comment, most researchers are
suck and they're stupid.
- Well most people in any field suck are stupid.
- Yeah, there's a few that are good, yeah.
- But researchers are supposed to be smart.
So I just might have to like, you know like with that comment
that they're not actually.
Anyway, Jonathan Haidt and he wrote a book recently
around what seems to get very cliche topic, which is like,
you know, like phones are ruining everything or like,
you know, all the problems in the world are because of phones.
And that's kind of what it seems like on the surface.
But he is extremely smart and went super deep into this topic.
I'll post the video later of this interview and he talks
so much about like he's like drilled down the exact analysis
of like historically when these phones entered kids
like childhoods.
- Yeah.
- And he talks a lot about what makes,
what's important for a childhood and how exactly,
very specifically, not just broadly or generically
how phones kind of get in the way of that.
And it was such a good interview and it like really impacted
the way I thought about everything and like, you know,
when we have kids like how we're going to deal
with the whole device thing with them.
- Oh, yeah.
How are you going to deal with it?
- I need you to help me with your parenting,
like future parenting skills because you're going to be
really good at it.
- Let me give, let me the person without any children
that give you advice.
- Please.
- That's what parents love is when people are not kids.
(laughing)
- It's actually having a dog.
It's nothing.
It's just the exact same thing.
(laughing)
- How many times have your parents, they trust me
when you have kids, it'll be different.
You won't look at your dog the same.
Have you heard that like a million times?
- Yeah, yeah, I have, but I'm also better than everyone.
So I don't know.
- Oh yeah.
- I'm like, I just like--
- That's how it was for you.
- For me, it's going to be totally different.
(laughing)
Anyway, so in going into it, I was like,
I know this is an issue and I know we have to be like
really thoughtful about this, all of this,
but I didn't think it was that big of a deal.
But now I'm like very much more on the side of,
so he basically recommends that no cell phones
so they're in high school.
- Yep.
- And the whole iPad thing, he just says like,
just don't do it.
- Yeah.
- And he says the only reason it happens
is there's weird social norm.
Everyone does it, so your kids like,
well, they all have it, why can't I?
- Yeah.
- And that's like impossible pressure.
And it's so funny, it's like a weird trap.
If a majority of people just randomly were like,
we're not going to do this, the problem just goes away.
And that's why he pointed out.
They point out like all these like seemingly
intractable problems, like mental health issues
and like suicide and like all of these crazy things,
it's literally, we could actually fix it in a year.
If like for a year, a majority of people
commit it to living.
So that's kind of what he's pushing.
He's like, if we all just kind of agree to this,
the pressure vanishes.
So he talks a lot about kids having to play
like in person with each other.
It's different than interacting over the device.
Also unsupervised play.
And this is how I grew up.
And this is how a lot of us grew up.
Like I would hang out with my friends
like around the neighborhood almost every day.
And there weren't adults, like we have to figure stuff out
on our own.
I had some negative experiences, of course,
but like they're fine.
Not everything is, you know, traumatic.
And so there's that and there's like risk taking
like kids need to take risk and like be in situations
where, you know, they could get hurt and they like
are afraid and they like learn where the boundaries are
or things like that.
- Interesting.
- And he talks about how the activities
that people do on these devices or kids do on these devices
replaces a lot of those interactions.
- Yeah, yeah.
- And it's fundamental.
So I can see how I can totally see that.
I can see how that just takes up several hours
that they would otherwise be doing something else.
And there's only X amount of hours in a day.
At this point, I'm like, yeah,
it is just a weird social trap.
And I definitely want to try to like just not be part of that.
- Yeah, yeah, I heard something on,
I think it was on Bill Simmons podcast.
He had this guy on, they talked about like future things,
just like studies that are pointing at trends.
And one of the things was just about,
and this has been known for a while,
but just that teenagers don't hang out anymore.
Like it's one thing like little kids growing up
in the neighborhood, but like teenagers used to always
spend time together.
That's how they socialize before phones.
Like when we were growing up and now it's just like
non-existent that they don't go to each other's houses.
They don't like everything they do is online
which is, yeah, you know, whether it's good or bad,
you know that's a very different childhood.
And it's got to have serious impact.
- Yeah, the interesting thing he points out,
he calls it like a two-faced thing.
He says in the 90s, this trend of like locking the kids up
increased where like kids were kept at home.
And things that immediately changed then,
like there wasn't all these big problems right after that.
But then the moment smartphones became a normal thing
that kids have, the two of those things combined.
That's when everything triggered.
So yeah, yeah, I think it just like, you know,
becomes actually more of a problem.
- It almost like it feels like we kind of got really lucky.
I guess I'm five years old.
- Yeah, I feel the exact same way.
- Do you feel that way?
- I got the whole thing and I was like, wow.
Like I could have been a totally different person.
Yeah, I just barely missed it.
Yeah.
- Like me specifically, so you're a little younger,
but I got a phone, I think my sophomore year of high school,
but they were the phones that was literally just like
T9, SMS text messages.
Like there was no iPhone.
- I never had a smartphone in high school.
My parents didn't let me get one.
- Yeah, but I did have the ability to text my friends
like my junior and senior year.
And I feel like that just added to our friendships.
Like I don't think that took away.
We weren't like on Snapchat or whatever.
Like we just like shoot texts as we're headed over
to each other's houses and stuff.
So I feel like it timed out really well for me
where like I got to enjoy some of the benefits
without a lot of the downsides.
But yeah, just think like just 10 years difference.
Like growing up 10 years later
and suddenly your whole life is different
because of this technology that it's like there's,
you realize at some point there's nobody really looking out
for you as like a consumer.
Like nobody really knows what this means for society
or for you as an individual.
And you're just kind of like it's playing out for you.
I feel like you have thoughts, something like that.
Like you would have opinions about technology
and how it shapes our world and blah, blah, blah.
And it's just an interesting device or I don't know.
- I think it's mind blowing how quick this problem happened.
Like you said, we like just barely missed it
by a matter of years of our stuff being impacted
by this problem.
And it's now such like a giant problem
and it just invented so quickly.
And I just can't believe that.
The other thing that Liz pointed out
which is actually kind of crazy is
we kind of have to fix it in our generation
'cause we're the last people with memories
of this other childhood.
- Yeah, right.
Oh, that's a great point.
Yeah, like it's on us and it's affected us too.
I mean like our adult life is changed because of phones.
I spend a lot of time on a phone, I wish I didn't.
- Same.
- So it's not like we escaped it completely.
It's just we escaped it during those formative years
where I feel like I can't imagine like not having
the childhood I had where just the social structure
of having friends and spending time together.
Like if you take all that away, that's got to have impact.
And yeah, there's whole generations of kids
that if we don't change something.
- Yeah.
- It's like we're the responsible adults in the room.
We got to fix it.
- So in this interview at the end,
he also relates it to a lot of the weird cultural stuff
that exists now.
So he says that because kids didn't take risk
and that's like a thing that disappeared,
they entered college kind of unprepared.
And if you look at a lot of the discussions
on in the past like 10 years,
like the type of things that have been happening
in college campuses, like we all agree free speech is good,
but in a lot of these campuses,
there's been things like, like striking people down
or like suppressing speech because it would be bad
for my mental health or it would like, you know,
traumatize me, you know, there's like this weird,
like he's a phrase illiberal,
which I think is like very accurate,
which is like the opposite of what?
- Illiberal.
- Yeah, it's like illiberal to like,
try to suppress people in general.
- Yeah.
- And he theorizes that this new thing emerged
because of, you know, this is all related.
- Yeah.
- That there's like this weird fragility.
So he talks a lot about,
the book is about how to raise an anti-fragile child,
which I love 'cause anti-fragile's like one of my favorite
concepts from the few other books that I've read.
- Yeah, to lab.
- Yeah, so he talks about like the fragility
and he like links it all together.
And he also talks about how,
so how he's an atheist and the extreme downside of that
is not having community and how he has to work extra hard.
And he points out how people that are religious
are generally happier, like on average.
- Yeah.
- And a lot of the, you know, kids don't have
this exact problem because there's a lot of built-in
community stuff that happens.
- So he ties like a lot, a lot of things together
and I found it super interesting.
- What's the book?
What was it called or is it a book or something else?
How can I read this or consume it in some way?
- It's called, well, I'll link the anxious generation.
I'll link you to the, it was an interview on the daily show.
It was like a 20 minute interview.
Here's a crazy part.
So I watched it and then I told Liz,
hey, you should watch, like I want to show you this thing.
I think you'll find it really interesting.
And I described it the same way I said.
I was like, he's a, I think he's like a sociologist
but he's not stupid.
He's really smart.
(laughing)
- And just insulting an entire profession.
He's a sociologist, but he's not stupid.
Like he's actually smart.
(laughing)
- And she goes, oh, is it Jonathan Hate?
And I was like, how did you know?
- That's amazing.
- And it's like the most random guess ever
because she, so she, Liz used to be a researcher.
It's like, oh really?
That's where she started.
And she like came across as a work
very early on and was like really formative for her.
And he was, he wrote a lot about a completely different topic
like 20 years ago and she feels like, like 15 years ago
and she feels like it was totally correct and totally accurate.
- Yeah.
- And just me describing him in this way
was enough for her to tie it together.
- That's amazing.
I get the, I get the researcher vibes from Liz.
I've gotten to work with Liz on,
she's been very heavily involved with Terminal.
It's been great to have her, her brain.
And yeah, I see the researcher in that.
- And to be clear, the reason I insult researchers
is because I've learned so much
from her explaining what that world is like.
- Yeah.
- Plus like my own arrangement.
- There's other stuff to talk about.
- Is there?
- I feel like there's something else happening
that I wanted to talk about.
I make notes in my brain like about things later
and then I forget, I don't write them down.
- The writing thing's down is so lame.
- What's that?
That's not, I guess, yeah.
- Yeah, it's an opposite of notes.
- Oh, I got something.
I got something.
This is not a big deal.
But do you ever like have a thought
and you just immediately know like,
I'm a person I don't want to be?
Like I had the thought the other day,
I got a haircut.
And have we ever talked about haircuts on the podcast?
I feel like no.
- Probably not.
- Because it probably wouldn't come up from me.
- Okay, well, here's the thing about haircuts is,
I mean, you've had haircuts in your life.
You can relate to this.
- I had a haircut last week.
- Oh, well, there you go.
But do you do it yourself or do you like go to a barber?
- So I usually shave my head myself,
but then sometimes the past couple weeks
I've been super busy, so I've been really off of it.
And when I let my hair group to go too long,
like right now it's a little too long.
It's like a pain they ask me to do it myself.
So I will just go and get like a really nice--
- You go to a barber.
- Yeah, they like massage my head.
Like this is like a, yeah, good.
- Do you talk to your barber?
Like do you feel like you have a relationship with your barber?
- Okay, so I've always been someone
that hates talking to people.
- Yes, me too.
- I've always hated going to the barber.
Okay, we have the same thought.
- But that said, at some point in my life
I like kind of recognize that this is just like a weakness.
It's one of those things where it's like
some people are extroverted and some people are introverted
and they're both good.
I don't actually agree with that.
I think it just barely be introverted
and being introverted is just a flaw.
- A flaw.
- So at some point I was like,
I should work on this part of myself.
So I tried to be better
and the barber I kept going to,
I was like, I had like a better rhythm with.
You know, I was like, you know,
it was like away from your practice,
that type of thing.
But I stopped going.
So I started shaving my own head.
And then I went again last week
because I thought I'd grow up too long
and he was not, he doesn't work there anymore.
He's not there anymore.
- Oh no.
- Still got a new person.
I'm like, okay, great.
Okay, I can practice this again.
He doesn't speak English that well.
- Oh, that's the dream.
- He would prefer not to talk.
And my instinct is to not talk.
So we just didn't talk at all.
(laughing)
- So I'm always like,
this has been a thing I hate about getting haircuts.
I mean, I just, it's a thing I hate to take time
out of the week till they go get a haircut.
But then I extra hate it
'cause I just hate that social pressure
of like carrying on a conversation with a stranger.
And I guess like I've gotten my haircut
from the same person for two years or something now.
So it's not a stranger,
but like we have nothing in common.
And it just, I've had barbers in the past
where like they're very easy to talk to.
And it's just kind of like, it's not a pressure.
But most of the experiences I have,
maybe it's a flaw of mine.
I'm an introvert.
Most of the experiences are not great
where it's like, we don't have like a good rhythm
with talking and it's just very forced
and it feels awkward to just set there in silence.
But I just want to set there in silence.
And the thought I had,
tying it back to the beginning when I said,
do you ever have a thought?
And you're just like, oh man.
Like I sometimes I have a thought and I think like,
I am that tech bro that I don't want to be.
Like, it's like not wanting to become your father
or something, but knowing you will become your father.
But it's like, for me, it's not wanting to be a tech bro.
And I had the thought like, man,
I wonder if I could just wear airpods.
Like, could I just listen to podcasts?
(laughing)
I get my aircraft, would that be awkward?
Would he be like, what an idiot?
Or would he be like, no, this is nice.
We don't have to talk now.
Is that terrible?
- I think that zoomed in in a situation,
I'm sure of course there's some barbers
that are like, I just don't want to talk to the person,
but they feel pressure like they have to.
And the person feels like,
and then it's like this awkward thing that nobody wants.
So I totally see that.
But if you like step back in like,
thinking about like, what is the point of being alive,
like that thing feels wrong, right?
That's why you feel bad. - Okay, fine.
- You're being self aware and you feel bad
and that's why you don't want to become that person.
- I know.
- Here's another funny bit.
So the barbershop I go to is like,
this crazy masculine Miami spot.
All the barbers are just so cool.
And they have just like great rhythm with each other.
And like, it's just, it's like the highest challenge
as like an introvert.
So like go in there.
They have to don't just so like swaggy and like.
- Yeah.
- It's just a, it's a crazy environment.
So I look at it as like, it gets an opportunity for me to
- To work on that area.
- Practice these things that are useful everywhere.
I don't know if your spot, necessarily,
you can look at it that way.
- Well, this last time I just went a couple of days ago,
I was the only person in there.
There was no other barbers, it was just me and him.
It's a giant room.
And it was kind of awkward like,
where are all the people?
What happened?
But like, is it just Monday afternoon?
This is what it looks like at the barbershop.
What, you said the point of being alive.
What is the point of being alive, Dax?
'Cause it like, is it to be social?
Is that it?
- If you could go and watch a replay of your life,
would you feel bad that you wore air pods during?
- Yes.
- Yeah, you would.
- I would.
- It would be like, this is convenient, but.
- I have all this terrible, I hate to even say this out loud,
but I have all these thoughts like,
oh man, imagine if I could listen to my book
while I'm getting my haircut.
That's like a whole 'nother hour.
(laughs)
It's just so bad.
- No.
- I'm such an idiot.
- I have to say, we all have the same things.
It's like, we're always trying to figure out a like,
multi-task.
- Yeah, like min-max.
Like, yeah, the amount of, I don't know,
learning and whatever I can do in a day.
It's so stupid.
- Yeah.
It's just like, so I, you know,
when I blow bubbles for Zuko in the morning.
- Yeah, you do that. We haven't talked about that
on a podcast, have we?
- I don't think we've talked about it.
- No, I talk about it all the time.
We've talked about it several times.
- Oh, have we?
- I think it's just so surprising every time
I bring it up, it just feels like it's the first time
that I'm talking about it.
- I love this.
Fartier routine, yeah.
- Anyway, every morning, first thing I do,
I go outside and Zuko is super excited
'cause he knows what's gonna happen.
I blow bubbles for him for 10 minutes
and he goes crazy, gets super tired.
I used to just do this normally,
but my new habit has been listening to my book.
- Yeah.
- Good morning.
So I listen for just like during my morning routine,
including that, and it's fine.
And, you know, I don't really have a problem with it,
even if I step back and look at it.
Like I, that's like my time to do that.
I don't really listen to it otherwise,
but I'm definitely like connecting with my dog less.
And like we play again in the evening
and that's like more direct
and it's like a totally different thing.
Like I'm actually like--
- Yeah.
- I'm having a completely different experience
and that experience is way more valuable
than listening to this book.
So I do recognize that like I'm getting more done
and I'm like, you know, double stacking,
both of these things that I need to do together,
but it's like what's a point kind of?
- Yeah, I had the same realization
with playing with my three year old.
When he was little or it just felt like,
I mean, like I could listen to stuff, like what's the deal?
Like at first it felt a little bad.
Like I'm listening to a stupid audio book
while I'm playing with my three year old.
And then it was just kind of like became normal.
But then it, I think as he got a little older,
it became more obvious that like,
what am I doing in life?
Like I'm missing something.
If I'm spending all my time,
but I can possibly spend just like listening
to some stupid biography.
But what's the point?
Like why even have kids?
Why even have a family?
Like I'm not even going to be here.
- Yeah, yeah.
It's just a weird thing.
Like even just making eye contact more than you normally would.
It's like a completely different thing.
Yeah, we all suck.
- We all suck.
- I'll play this way.
- Yeah, there's certain things I don't want to be.
And then I realized how much there's like this draw
towards that.
It's like this inevitable path that I feel like I'm on.
I guess it's not inevitable though.
It's conversations like these.
I can break out of it.
I can not wear my AirPods at the barber.
I can start talking to my barber.
I can try.
He mostly just talks about movies
and I just don't watch movies much.
It's like that when there's other barbers in the room,
they're just constantly talking about
like the new movie that came out.
And I'm like, I just,
I have nothing to say here.
I haven't watched a movie in the theater in like 10 years.
That's a challenge, right?
Like when there's a conversation going on
that you can't directly relate to,
like how can you still be like an interesting,
useful member of that conversation?
You know, that's definitely,
and there's people that do that extremely well, right?
Like you see people that are just very charismatic.
- I mean, now you've got me viewing
like the intro extrovert thing totally differently.
Like it really is just better to be like personable
and somebody people want to be around.
- Of course.
- Of course it's better.
- But I'm an introvert.
It's like, oh, you're just not very fun to be around.
- Cool.
- Enjoy that in life.
- Yeah, it's like the world exists as it is.
And it goes with people and writing to each other.
So it's just worse when it's hard for you to do that.
- That's such a good point.
Do you do like personality tests?
Do you have any opinions on like,
any how am I get sucked into this stuff?
And I think we've probably talked about it.
We're coming up on a hundred episodes.
We've talked about everything at this point.
It's just gonna be a lot of rehashing.
If you listen to this podcast, good luck.
It's just gonna be a lot of the same stuff for the next hundred.
But like, every time I do a personality test
or I'm like, it all made aware of them for a week.
I'm blown away at like,
that we all just fit into these very clean buckets.
Like that's so, it seems so scientific and truth
that like, you can't escape it.
You are a certain type of person.
Do you believe in that stuff?
Or is it not even believing?
I don't know what it is.
- I think that my experience of personality tests
is I think I personally am a very obvious stereotype
of like a persona.
And the stereotype has been around for like,
years and years and years.
And it's like, whatever.
So whenever I take a personality test,
it feels like a psychic reading.
It's like, - Yeah, yeah.
- Describes weird details that are so crazy accurate.
- Yeah, yeah.
- And if you do it with your significant other,
it's like, you keep looking at each other like,
(laughs)
- Exactly.
- What did they know?
- But at the end of the day,
they're just horoscopes for slightly smarter people.
You know, that's really all it is.
- So is it just a pseudoscience?
Like it's not real?
- I think there's a lot of value in it.
Cause like I said, this, this,
I am a real stereotype.
That is a real thing.
And if you read that, you will understand.
- Yeah.
- A lot about me and my behavior.
And it's impressive that we've been able to like,
identify that.
- Yeah.
- A lot of it though,
there's definitely a dimension of,
it's phrasing away that anyone could read
and see it in themselves.
Even if it's like crazy specific.
We're just kind of what a horoscope.
- That's what a horoscope is.
- People that do horoscopes are psychic readings.
They kind of do the same thing, right?
As it feel really specific,
but like secretly be really broad, you know?
- Yeah, yeah, yeah.
- So I think they're useful.
And I think they're real.
It's just that there's other kind of illusion going on too.
Cause it never includes,
you only remember all the stuff that it got, right?
You don't think about like--
- The stuff that wasn't really--
- Like this and that wasn't in there.
But like you have to be really self aware
of exactly what you're like to be looking for that.
So you just would never find it there.
- Yeah.
- The horoscopes for smarter people,
that stuck with me.
I'll remember that.
- I gotta find a better way to phrase that.
Cause I don't actually want to say smarter people.
I want to say something like horoscopes
for people that think they're smart.
I think that's what I--
- I think they're actuals.
- Yeah, yeah, yeah.
Something like that.
- I didn't know you were a stereotype.
You seem very unique.
I don't know anybody like you.
At least not your like online persona.
If you look at, I mean, a lot of people get this result,
INTJ.
I wouldn't be surprised if you're also an INTJ.
- I'm an INTJ.
Yeah.
- Exactly.
But if you, I would probably argue
if you read the INTJ description,
you probably think it applies to you.
But I think you would probably say,
I have exaggerated versions of a lot of those traits.
But I think it tends to like really like stick out for me.
But yeah, I guess that a lot of people are technically
the founder of that bucket.
- Yeah, okay.
- I took another test that they make kids in high school take
to like figure out their career path.
- Oh, what's it called?
- Like what good careers?
- Yeah, I think I've done this.
- I forgot, had a name, but I forgot.
- Yeah.
- It was a long test.
It took me like 30 minutes to complete
and the result were terrible.
Like it was just wasn't that good at all.
It gave me this really complex visualization and like,
yeah, like I could see like the career path I've chosen
that I think is right in there somewhere,
but it was like kind of a reach.
The thing that I told me to do,
I forgot what it told me to do directly,
it was like just not related to what I would want to do ever
at all.
- It's kind of like a miracle that anybody has ever
like happy with their work,
that we end up in stuff that I can feel very fortunate,
I guess, that I enjoy what I do.
Because you think about like high school
and like somehow going into adulthood
and figuring out a path that makes sense,
that you actually make a living doing.
Like there's no preparing,
there's no like aptitude tests or whatever,
they're really gonna get you there, right?
Like guidance counselors in high school,
they don't have any idea what you should do.
It's kind of funny that that's even a role
as I think about it.
Like to look at a high school kid and be like,
you'd be a good construction worker.
Like who knows?
What?
(laughing)
- Is that what guys counselors do?
- I don't know, don't they like try and help you
like decide what you should study in college
so you can decide what you should work on in life?
I think college is all made up too, sorry, go ahead.
- Well, I had, I mean, you know where I went to high school
was like this crazy like competitive high school
where everybody was like,
already had a lot of drive around those things.
The guidance counselors in our school.
- Yeah, and I went to Willow Springs High School.
Sorry. (laughing)
- The guidance counselors in our school
was like, had nothing to add in that dimension.
They weren't like, most of the kids are like,
I already knew I was gonna be a doctor
by age of three
and like they're just being on my trajectory
for their whole life.
- That is not my experience.
- Yeah, I think for us and guys,
we're there to like make sure people didn't kill themselves
'cause they were studying too hard.
Like it was a very different type of role.
- Yeah, our guys counselors were there
to make sure we didn't kill ourselves over meth.
I think that was the main thing.
(laughing)
Like if you just go to college,
that's success, you know, rural Ozarks.
But then like, have we talked about college?
- I just think college is the biggest scam ever.
Is it because I got into tech?
Yeah, more and more so, right?
Like when I see those charts where like college costs
have increased by whatever,
it's like they were already really high.
And the fact that they're outpacing inflation
is just such a joke that we keep doing it.
Like why do people still go to college?
I mean, I guess what's the alternative,
but like, I don't know, not going to college?
That's an alternative.
- If you don't know what to do,
it seems like a safe bet,
which is probably at the root of it all,
that's what it comes down to.
It's unclear what you should be doing.
So you do that.
- It's such an expensive thing
just to like continue to draw out adulthood
and try and figure, like to draw out your childhood
and delay adulthood is what it feels like.
- Yeah, going to my brother's graduation was funny
'cause I'd never had that like prototypical college experience.
- Yeah.
- And he like had it like to a tee.
Like it was like the house he lived in was on
like this perfect, like big college house
with a bunch of kids lived.
But it was nice and it was like really cool street
and like walked to campus and it was like, you know,
exactly what you mentioned.
- So the classic college life is still alive and well,
like it hasn't changed.
- Yeah, but here's a funny bit.
So during the graduation, by the way, I hate graduations.
Everyone hates graduations.
- Everyone hates it.
Why do we even do it?
- Why do we even do it?
- It's the most boring thing ever.
Everyone is just miserable torture.
Yeah, the students don't care.
Nobody likes it.
- No, nobody cares.
- But anyway, we still do it.
- It's like LinkedIn.
Let's stop pretending that we care.
(laughing)
- Same thing to something fake.
I just think I'll link them.
So they had a speaker and this was a grad,
someone who had graduated from the school
and like was involved in like alumni board
something, something, and they were talking about like,
this was Indiana University.
They were saying things like, when you leave here,
like you're not done with IU.
The IU network is gonna be part of your whole life.
And there's like a hundred thousand people still,
and you're just talking about how every part
of your career was gonna be influenced by IU.
And my brother told me, my brother's reaction was like,
what are they talking about?
And he was saying that someone behind him was like,
what the hell?
Like I don't even have a job.
(laughing)
The IU network hasn't done anything for me.
And it's just like totally this fake exaggerated thing.
But like a lot of it is that, it's like performative.
And they know it's, they wanna make you believe that
if you're a part of this thing, it's gonna impact you forever
and it's gonna be serving you forever.
And that's the way they want you to see it.
But you know, it's just not true.
Like nothing can, there's nothing like that
that's gonna save you, right?
Like just 'cause you went to this school
isn't gonna like save you from like all the things
that can happen in the world and like the competition
and the chaos and all that.
But they definitely frame it like all of college
in schools frame where if you do X, Y, and Z
you guarantee this outcome, which is just not true.
And that's a part that I don't like about that whole system.
- Yeah, like I guess the alternative to,
like I would never want my kids just
going to college and doing the whole like standard
American path 'cause it just feels so doomed.
But like, can everyone like chart their own path?
Is there like, yeah, I know you've talked in the past
about like we need certain things to just be decided for us
and like to have easy paths in certain areas of life.
Can everybody take the difficult path
where they chart their own way?
Like I feel like we've done it, like we've definitely
had careers where we didn't do the typical thing.
But like if most of everyone did that,
is that even possible?
Kind of like an economy be made up
of mostly solopreneuror types?
- I have no clue.
Like it's really confusing.
I would argue though that--
- Let's get Liz researching on that.
(laughing)
- I would argue that it's actually more like that
than most people think.
Like if you look at Liz's entire family,
none of them have like corporate jobs
'cause they came here as immigrants from Cuba,
like they're not gonna land a corporate job.
So they all just ended up having like random--
- Well that was offensive, but continue.
(laughing)
- Let's get out of it.
No one would ever hire those cubers.
- Yeah.
- You've been executives, are you kidding?
- Sorry.
- Yeah, so they all just ended up having these
like really random careers.
And a lot of them ended up with small businesses.
We know one of them ended up with like
the biggest business business that I've ever seen.
- Yeah, so like the whole family,
like just figured out random stuff.
And that's like a large number of people.
Like not a single person in her parents' generation,
which is like, you know,
within the family has like 100 people,
had that traditional path.
And there was like plenty of room for them
to figure out all this random stuff.
- Is that a uniquely immigrant thing?
- I think immigrants are,
because of just the situation,
like they're forced to that.
But even what's the idea of like a corporate job?
Like when did that show up?
Maybe like after World War II is my guess.
Like the idea of like getting a job at a company
and like working your way up and like going
into the office and following the structures.
- It seems so fake and dumb to me.
I'm sorry.
It's like, I feel like most of our economy
is just fluff that doesn't need to exist.
It's just, it feels like you can get rid of like
whole giant towers full of people that are doing fake jobs
and everything we continue.
- Like what are they doing?
It's like--
- What are they doing?
- Okay, we have these documents
and we need you to like take every third word
from this document and put it into this other document
so that this other person can do the same thing
backwards the other way.
And that's what it seems like.
How can this, how can we have enough?
And that was another thing in the graduation.
I was like looking at all like these thousands
of children effectively.
And I'm like, someone's going to pay these people
to do what?
Like what, all of these people are about to go?
Like what in the world like most of them have jobs?
Like why, like why is anyone paying them to do anything?
Like--
- I think that's where the root of my question comes from
is like, does there just need to be like this giant middle,
like 80% of the working class is just like fake jobs
because we don't, there's not really enough room
for everybody to do like creating and creating jobs.
And like that has to necessarily be a small percentage
of the working, I don't know.
- Do you know what I'm getting at?
- I think it's just one of those things
that's just beyond human comprehension.
Like we can understand the scale of the universe
and we also can't understand how the hell 300 million people
have work.
(laughing)
- That's just America.
- Yeah, just like doesn't make any sense at all.
But I don't know.
I have no answers here.
It's just like--
- I guess we don't need to understand.
I don't know what I would do with the information
if I had it.
It's just like one of those questions
that I feel like keeps nagging at me.
- I know I've brought this up in various forms
over the course of the podcast even.
Like there's just something about the,
it ties into the college thing.
It ties into the like typical path that someone,
maybe it's as apparent.
Maybe I'm just trying to get ahead of like,
how do I help steer my kids in the right direction?
- That's where I think of it about it too.
It's like, I think ultimately you just want them
to be curious and like look for opportunities
and follow things.
And I think it just as broad as that.
But yeah, I mean, I think the reality is,
I do think a lot more people are in this like,
doing my own weird thing category than we imagine.
It's just not in areas that we typically see.
Like I said, I only see it
'cause Liz's family's in that category,
but it's all sorts of random stuff.
Like one person will become a vet.
And when you're like a vet, you're,
I know that's an official--
- You're a small business owner.
- Yeah, you're like running a small business
and like someone else does construction.
And someone else, like all of those are like,
big pool of construction is a huge part of our economy.
- Yeah.
- And a lot of that is like this,
just doing random stuff thing.
- Yeah.
Yeah, so maybe it is much more of the economy
than I realized, like small business owners,
it's not just like I have a storefront in town
and I have a small business.
Like it's so many different professions
or inherently small business owners.
- Yeah, realtor is doing contract work or whatever.
- Yeah.
Like it's kind of all in that same thing.
- Yeah, so now as I think about it,
like in my area where I'm at,
like in the, in Southwest Missouri in the Ozarks,
there's not a lot of like corporate jobs.
Like there's not a lot of like those fake jobs
that I can't understand
because there's not big corporations here.
It's like, it mostly is the small business thing.
Interesting, maybe it is the way I want it to be.
Maybe the world looks more like I'd like it to
than I realize.
And I just see stuff played out in pop culture
with the like climbing the corporate ladder.
And I'm like, what is that?
- Yeah, I definitely, I'm like, yeah, I think that stuff is,
just doesn't make any sense to me, but.
- It's like college and fraternities and corporate ladders.
Those all are like somehow binded together for me
and it just seems so dumb and fake.
(laughing)
- The other thing is, I think a lot of jobs
are with the government, so,
and like the government's always to kind of like make up jobs.
Like a lot of things are just jobs programs in disguise.
Like the one we recently had experience with, USPS.
(laughing)
We're dropping off all the terminal packages there.
It is so wild, like we went.
So we had like, how about half of our stuff was UPS,
half of our stuff was USPS.
You go to UPS, they have a process,
they're like, leave your stuff here,
they get you in and out, they're done.
You go to USPS and like, nobody knows anything.
Like we go there and it's a big post,
like big post office in one in town.
Is it a big one?
There's nobody behind the desk anyway.
There's no employees.
It is a bunch of customers saying around,
looking around like, where the hell is anyone.
Then finally someone shows up and we're like,
okay, we have all these boxes where we put them.
And she just like, doesn't know.
And then she's like, go around the back to the loading dock.
And we're like, okay, we like, go look,
there's no, there's no around back loading dock.
This is just not a real thing.
She's like, made it off.
And then we go back and then we ended up like,
leaving it in this random like quarter.
And apparently they do get shipped
and they get destroyed in the process as well.
- What is the deal?
I've never seen anything.
I mean, I guess we shipped like several hundred boxes at once.
So I guess there's some percentage of those
that are going to get, they're going to have a hard time.
But it seemed like a large percentage of our boxes
just got drop kicked and like torn.
Some of the boxes were like torn over some of the coffee.
Like some people, the box was so beat up
that the coffee bag fell out during shipping.
How is that even possible?
Multiple pages.
- The thing that cracks me up is the person
delivering the last step of that being like,
yeah, like this is something like a fucked up empty box.
I'm just kidding.
- I've never heard that anyway.
- I don't understand.
- Oh my God.
- It's so bad.
- I know that the boxes we got in upon further inspection,
the first inspection.
I mean, we bought them sight unseen.
Upon inspection, they're not the thickest boxes.
Like, okay, they're maybe not ideal for shipping.
But still, I feel like there's some like hatred involved here.
This is not just coincidence.
Somebody, my theory is the UPS man does not like you to X
because Zuko was left out one too many times.
And they like take all the boxes from your house
and they like do something to him first.
I don't know.
- Yeah, it's funny 'cause I can understand crushing.
Okay, in the process of being transferred,
the process gets smushed.
I totally get that.
Why are they shredded?
Like, is this kind of like wild animal involved
in this process?
- Can you tell me where you put tape on the boxes?
All the pictures of the beat up boxes have tape in places
I don't think you put tape.
It's like the post office put tape on it.
They're like, sorry.
- That's what I think too.
I was like, I was like, I was like,
that's way too much tape on this.
I don't think we use that much.
It's a complete mystery.
We gotta like ship a camera that's recording or something
'cause I like, I need to know what is going on.
- Yes, or even just an audio recorder.
Like, maybe we'd hear what's going on at the time
that most noise, I don't know, it was insane.
- Anyway, USPS just nonsense.
- But we're gonna use the thicker boxes
or mailers or something.
We learned that lesson.
- We learned, mailers I think solve the problem.
Like, that's so obvious.
Like, yeah, not gonna have an issue with those.
- Yeah, it's not quite as nice as a box.
It bums me out a little bit,
but like, I also, the boxes people are getting
are bumming me out as well.
- If I do think about it though,
I actually think opening a mailer is more satisfying to me.
Like, ripping the top and then getting the thing.
I do like that.
Something about that feels sleek.
- Okay.
- Yeah.
- Like, with a box you're always like trying to pull it off
and the tape is like kind of holding it shut.
You know, like it's scissors and all that.
- Yeah, that's true.
You have to like, slice it open.
- Yeah.
So I think I'm fine with the mailer as well.
The mailer looks cool.
And by cool, we mean matte black.
- Matte black, yeah.
Matte black is inherently cool.
It turns out.
(laughing)
- Oh, man.
This kind of business is so fun.
I'm just having so much fun with the terminal thing.
It's a lot of fun.
- It's so funny.
And then, you know, going back to it,
we're saying, you know, some bad press is just bad press.
I do think the shredded boxes though were kind of funny.
Like, I think people.
- Yeah, it's become kind of a funny thing on Twitter at least.
There's probably people who didn't say anything
that were disappointed when their box looked like that.
(laughing)
But like, the ones who were saying it online
are been good sports and it's kind of become a meme.
(laughing)
- Because the bags themselves have been fine.
It's just the box just gets totally destroyed.
- The ones that showed up except for the ones
where the bag completely fell out of the box.
(laughing)
I can't believe that had multiple times.
Like, what in the world?
(laughing)
You know, those people had to feel bad emailing us.
Like, I think you're gonna believe
that there's literally no copy of this box.
(laughing)
- I am shocked that when I order things online,
which I do all the time, that like this never happens.
Like, you know, like all it's--
- Yeah, I've never had a box show up looking like that.
And then when we send some boxes,
this is like suddenly, this is a very common problem.
(laughing)
- I guess everyone just goes to this loop and figures it out.
- Yeah, yeah, I think the boxes don't even have that like,
is it corrugated?
Is that the word?
Like, I noticed these boxes are just like a--
- It's like, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah.
- They've got a little like bumpy, wavy thing.
Yeah, it does have their pretty lack.
- It's just very thin.
- Very thin.
- Okay, I got one of them.
- Oh, look at you.
- Like, one of them right there.
- Oh, this one's small boxes.
- Yeah, I know.
- Collector's item.
No one got one.
- We should just ship empty boxes to everyone as you go.
(laughing)
- I think the best part about this business
is just the number of ideas.
Like, when you get this many people together,
and especially meemers,
like you guys are all internet meemers.
So you just, you keep having different ideas
that just crack me up.
And like, our Discord all day is just hilarious ideas.
- Yeah.
- That we won't do half of them, but like,
just a lot of fun.
- But seriously though,
we should print a sticker that just says LOL,
and put it in this box.
(laughing)
And then just ship it to like, 20 people
of our existing customers.
- Yeah, I love it.
We have their addresses.
They can't stop us from shipping things to them.
(laughing)
- It's fun.
Oh man.
- Good times.
On that note, we got, we got exciting stuff coming.
I can't wait.
It's like, it's this period of like,
we got a lot of hard work to do again,
before we can like, give people things,
and to be excited about.
So it sucks that there's gonna be like a period of--
- Delight.
- Relative, quiet.
Yeah, a delay, but like,
we're getting set up in a way that I'm very excited.
That's gonna be much better.
- It's gonna be so good.
It's gonna be so good.
If you're into coffee,
and ordering from SSH apps,
which if you're into those things,
it's only because we invented it.
But if you're one of those people,
just wait, it's gonna get better.
- I'm excited.
- Me too.
On that note, it's been an hour.
We did it.
We made it.
Ooh, if we end it in six seconds,
it'll be exactly one hour.
Do you wanna try?
- Four.
- Three.
- Bye.
- Do you have any more to say?
- Yeah.
- Bye.
(upbeat music)